Use dt metric utils (#1092)
dynatrace-oss-contrib/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/dynatraceexporter/README.md

> which contains recommendations on securing sensitive information such as the
> API key required by this exporter.

## Requirements

You will either need a Dynatrace OneAgent (version 1.201 or higher) installed on the same host as the Collector; or a Dynatrace environment with version 1.202 or higher.

- Collector contrib minimum version: 0.18.0

## Getting Started

> The Dynatrace exporter may be enabled by adding a `dynatrace` entry to the `exporters` section of your config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dynatrace exporter is enabled by adding a `dynatrace` entry to the `exporters` section of your config file.
```

To see all available options, see [Advanced Configuration](#advanced-configuration) below.

### Running alongside Dynatrace OneAgent (preferred)

If you run the Collector on a host or VM that is monitored by the Dynatrace OneAgent then you only need to enable the exporter, but need no further configuration. The Dynatrace exporter will send all metrics to the OneAgent which will use its secure and load balanced connection to send the metrics to your Dynatrace SaaS or Managed environment.
Depending on your environment, you might have to enable metrics ingestion on the OneAgent first as described in the [Dynatrace documentation](https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/metrics/metric-ingestion/ingestion-methods/opentelemetry/).

Note: The name and identifier of the host running the Collector will be added as a dimension to every metric. If this is undesirable, then the output plugin may be used in standalone mode using the directions below.

```yaml
exporters:
  dynatrace:
    ## No options are required. By default, metrics will be exported via the OneAgent on the local host.
```

### Running standalone

> If you run the Collector on a host or VM without a OneAgent you will need to configure the environment API endpoint to send the metrics to and an API token for security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run the Collector on a host or VM without a OneAgent you will need to configure the Metrics v2 API endpoint of your Dynatrace environment to send the metrics to as well as an API token.
```

> You will also need to configure an API token for secure access. Find out how to create a token in the [Dynatrace documentation](https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/basics/dynatrace-api-authentication/) or simply navigate to **Settings > Integration > Dynatrace API** in your Dynatrace environment and create a token with Dynatrace API and create a new token with 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find out how to create a token in the [Dynatrace documentation](https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/basics/dynatrace-api-authentication/) or navigate to **Settings > Integration > Dynatrace API** in your Dynatrace environment and create a token with the
```
Token requirement is already mentioned above and the last part was repetitive.

> 'Ingest metrics' (`metrics.ingest`) scope enabled. It is recommended to limit Token scope to only this permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'Ingest metrics' (`metrics.ingest`) scope enabled. It is recommended to limit token scope to only this permission.
```

> The endpoint for the Dynatrace Metrics API v2 is 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The endpoint for the Dynatrace Metrics API v2 is:
```

* on Dynatrace Managed: `https://{your-domain}/e/{your-environment-id}/api/v2/metrics/ingest`
* on Dynatrace SaaS: `https://{your-environment-id}.live.dynatrace.com/api/v2/metrics/ingest`

> ```yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More details can be found in the [Dynatrace documentation for the Metrics v2 API](https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/environment-api/metric-v2/post-ingest-metrics/).
```yaml
```

- `requests_per_second` is the average number of requests per seconds.

Default: `5000`

### tags (Optional)

> **Deprecated: Please use [default_dimensions](#default_dimensions-optional)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Deprecated: Please use [default_dimensions](#default_dimensions-optional) instead**
```

> 
> Tags are included as dimensions on all exported metrics.
> Tags must be in the `key=value` dimension format specified by the [metrics ingestion protocol](https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/metrics/metric-ingestion/metric-ingestion-protocol/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think it's fine to not document the legacy option but to point users in the right direction if they try to figure out where it's gone.
